 mlantonis is god

# <center>AZ104<center>

key word: `order lab incorrect origin`

## task:
### 59
> move resouce: vnet can move 

### 60 : modify the properties of the Azure AD tenant.

### 65 : 
synce file from azure to on-premises
> need create a sync group and \ a cloud endpoint.

### 66 :
use the Azure Import/Export service to copy files to a storage account.
> Modify the driveset.csv file in the root folder where the tool resides.
Modify the dataset.csv file in the root folder where the tool resides. Depending on whether you
want to import a file or folder or both, add entries in the dataset.csv file

### 68 :
identify unused disks that can be deleted.
> From Microsoft Azure Storage Explorer, view the Account Management properties.

### 69:
monitor the metrics and the logs of VM1.
> Linux Diagnostic Extension (LAD) 3.0

### 71:
ensure that when the scale set virtual machines are provisioned, they have web
server components installed.
> Modify the extensionProfile section of the Azure Resource Manager template.   
> Upload a configuration script.


### 72
Change the size to D8s v3 will cause the downtiime
> While resizing the VM it must be in a stopped state.

### 75
> NSG’s are associated to NICs and Subnets, not VM’s.

### 76
- connect VNet1 to VNet2 in different subscription and different virtual network
  > Provision virtual network gateways.

### 77 please use azure cli to move the private dns zone

### 79 
-  A resource can only be
created in a virtual network that exists in the same region and subscription as the resource.

### 86
- Synchronization Service Manager does not display any sync jobs.
  > Staging mode must be disabled. If the Azure AD Connect server is in staging mode, password
hash synchronization is temporarily disabled.

### 89: You create an Azure DNS named contoso.com and then you add an A record to the zone for a
host named www that has an IP address of 131.107.1.10.
- Delegate the domain to resolve www.contoso.com to the 131.107.1.10 IP
address.
  >not a add NS records:  Default NS records are created automatically and shouldn't be messed with in this case.

### 99： configure Azure AD to use company.com, the organization's owned puublic domain name
- Add a DNS verification record at the domain registrar.
  > perform the validation by creating either a text (TXT) or mail exchanger (MX) record in your DNS
zone file at the registrar's website, using Microsoft-provided values. You can delete the
verification record after Azure validates the domain for use with Azure AD.

### 100
> order for import/export service

### 103 : Remains available if a single data center in the region fails.
> Zone-redundant storage (ZRS) replicates your data synchronously across three storage clusters in a single region.

### 104: UNC path

### 105： all storage type support blob storage 
> 1. blob storage type not support table storage  
> 2. The three different storage account options are: General-purpose v2 (GPv2) accounts,
General-purpose v1 (GPv1) accounts, and Blob storage accounts. General-purpose v2 (GPv2)
accounts are storage accounts that support all of the latest features for blobs, files, queues, and
tables.
Blob storage accounts support all the same block blob features as GPv2, but are limited to
supporting only block blobs.
General-purpose v1 (GPv1) accounts provide access to all Azure Storage services, but may not
have the latest features or the lowest per gigabyte pricing.

### 106: order for recovery from point 

### 107: Cloud-init.txt
> Cloud-init.txt is used to customize a Linux VM on first boot up. It can be used to install packages
and write files, or to configure users and security. No additional steps or agents are required to
apply your configuration.  
> Once Cloud-init.txt has been created, you can deploy the VM with `az vm create `cmdlet, sing the -
-custom-data parameter to provide the full path to the cloud-init.txt file.

### 110： reconfigure VM1 which one of there VMs in an availability set to use a larger size
> 1. need stop all the three vms in the  availability set  
> 2. resize the vm1  
> 3. start vm1,vm2 vm3

### 111: order : create the application security groups and to assign them to the subnets.

> New-AzureRmNetworkSecurityGroup need place after new rule and new config  
> the last one is add config rule 

### 114: 
> Azure DNS provides automatic registration of virtual machines from a single virtual network that's
linked to a private zone as a registration virtual network. 

### 118: order: 
> 1. Add a custom domain name
> 2. Add a DNS entry for the domain name at the domain name registrar 
> 3. Add a DNS entry for the domain name at the domain name registrar 

### 120: ????
> if no O365 license assigned can belong to 0365 Group regardless if user has 0365 assigned or not. 

### 122: enable two-step verification for Azure users.
> Create an Azure AD conditional access policy.

### 126： troubleshooting a performance issue for an Azure Application Gateway. compare the total requests to the failed requests during the past six hours.
> Metrics in Application Gateway

### 127 : order 
> move disk from vm1 to vm2,need stop vm1 and after atach disk to vm2 need start vm1

### 128: order 
> tag and send report

### 129: no address space need addd a subnet.

### 132: ? hello 咋算的？

### 134：

### 135： collector need port 443

### 137: Fraud alert

### 139: move resource server1 to another subscription
> To move existing resources to another resource group or subscription, use the MoveAzureRmResource cmdlet.

### 142,144,145,146,153,154,155,156
- tag: lab

### 150 
> tag: incorrect

### 157
> group by users and groups

### 160 
> tag: incoorect

### 164
> tag incorrect

### 174

### 171 ： function app. Billing must be based on the executions of the app.
> tag incorrect  
> Azure Functions runs in two different modes: Consumption plan and Azure App Service plan. The
Consumption plan automatically allocates compute power when your code is running. Your app is
scaled out when needed to handle load, and scaled down when code is not running.

### 176
-  tag incorrect
> The AD DS Enterprise Admin account is used to configure your on-premises Active Directory.
These credentials are only used during the installation and are not used after the installation has
completed. The Enterprise Admin, not the Domain Admin should make sure the permissions in
Active Directory can be set in all domains.

### 178
- tag: origin

### 179
tag: incorrect
- Apply a ReadOnly lock to RG1.
> Generate an automation script for RG1.

### 186 load balancer 
tag: incorrect
- Basic tier  : A load balancer is restricted to a single availability set, virtual machine scale set, or a single machine.
- Standard tier : can span any virtual machine in a single virtual network, including blends of scale sets, availability sets, and machines.

### 188 vnet peering and connect
tag:incorrect

### 191 workflow setting.
tag:incorrec
### 192 tag:incorrect
- configure a custom domain and enable backups for App1.
  > Configure the application settings for App1.

### 195 tag:incorrect
- about network connect wartcher and capture

### 197 tag：incorrect，order
- Copy the files using File Explorer not use azcopy

### 198 tag: incorrect
- Download and re-install the VPN client configuration package on Client1.
> after config vnet peering need download and reinstall the vpn client

### 202 tag:incorrect
> a atached NIC can't move to resouce 

### 203 tag:incorrect

### 234 tag:incorrect 
>  Locally-redundant storage account can be converted to zone-redundant storage 

### 236 tag:incorrect
- Prevent all other access to accountl.
- Ensure that you can attach the disks to VM1.
- Ensure that you can upload the disk files to accountl.
> From the Firewalls and virtual networks blade of account1, select Selected networks.
> From the Service endpoints blade of VNet1, add a service endpoint.

## 239 tag:incorrect 
## 240 tag:incorrect 
> about create a network interface for vm conect to vnet

## 244 While resizing the VM it must be in a stopped state.
## 246 record all the successful and failed connection attempts to VM1.
tag:incorrect
- Enable Azure Network Watcher in the East US Azure region.
- Register the Microsoft.Insights resource provider.
- Enable Azure Network Watcher flow logs.

## 248  add more than one web app plan with different rumtime(system: linux or windows)

